Add changelog for 4.0.0-beta.1 (#3522)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: docs/source/changelog.md

[development releases]: https://hub.jupyter.org/helm-chart/#development-releases-jupyterhub
[breaking changes in pull requests]: https://github.com/jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+label%3Abreaking

## 4.0

### 4.0.0-beta.1 - 2024-10-XX

This release updates JupyterHub itself from version 4 to 5, and the dependencies
`jupyterhub-kubespawner`, `oauthenticator`, and `ldapauthenticator` to a new

> major version. Please read the summary of breaking changes below and the
> [documentation on upgrading from chart version 3 to 4](upgrade-3-to-4) before
> upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
major version.

We will provide an [upgrade guide for 3 to 4](upgrade-3-to-4) before the final release, but for now please read the summary of breaking changes below, and the linked changelogs.
```
